[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Today on "Cosmic
Disclosure" we're with Tim,
a tactical advisor in the
covert governance in Germany,
who analyzes and suggests
various strategies in relation
to extraterrestrial groups
in contact with Earth.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>> Thanks for having me, Emery.
>> One of the things I would
like to have the audience
understand is all the
levels of consciousness.
Maybe we could go through those.
>> Basically every model is
wrong, but some are useful.
So it is a fluid process,
and different levels
can have a full, harmonized
level of consciousness, which
means you're at the
perfect, best level
where everything unfolds.
But everything in
between is kind of fluid.
So someone can be on
level three consciousness
and be on the lower end of it,
or at the higher end of it.
So level one
consciousness basically
means that there's
only an awareness
that something is there.
So if we're talking
about, for example,
minerals or a stone
or this planet
itself, those are living beings.
We're talking about
living beings,
but their consciousness
is pretty much
the same consciousness that
we have in source itself.
It's awareness of being.
A individual or
consciousness unit
normally goes through different
levels from that point on.
So at level two
consciousness, we
have beings that know that they
exist, but they do not tend--
or they do not have
an I awareness,
which means they do not know
how to define themselves
as an individual.
That basically applies
to, for example, animals.
But we need to be a little
cautious about that,
because animals can as well go
to level three consciousness.
>> So level three
is a self-awareness.
>> A level three is
level of I awareness.
>> I awareness.
>> So a dog could either have
a level two consciousness,
which means he's just a dog,
and he's aware of the basic
fundamental necessities of life,
like where do I get my food,
how do I survive, which is
a huge struggle to level two
consciousness beings, or how
can I mate someone or something?
So these are the basic forms
of necessities and thoughts
that a level two
consciousness has.
Or the dog could
also, because it
is in contact with a level
three consciousness, which
is his human, be evolved
into a state of I awareness,
like, oh, yeah.
I'm a good boy.
I'm-- I don't know--
Buddy, the dog or something.
So that would make an
I awareness to a dog.
And we see that a lot
in the animal kingdom.
A lot of species that have
close contact to humans,
for example, they pick up on
those routines, those patterns.
They learn and experience.
Even-- and I might add that
even if the connection between
humans and animals--
I mean, humans are
animals, but some
evolved form of that is
kind of denaturalized,
and humans always want
to be a top of that,
so it's sometimes kind
of toxic relationship.
But anyway, even if
we're talking about
animals in zoos or in--
I don't know what
kind of environment--
the species still
benefits from that, even
if the individual is suffering.
>> Please continue on
the definition of levels,
and where do humans
actually live?
>> Humans used to be pretty much
on level three consciousness,
which means it's the
I awareness of, oh,
that's me in the mirror.
And large parts
of the population,
they used to be in the
lower parts of the level
three consciousness,
which also picks up
on the problems of
level two consciousness,
like survive, struggle, and
being very focused on mating
with someone, and
where's my food?
And you can
experience that a lot
in cultural
development of Earth.
A lot of people still have this
life is about how to survive,
and a very deep focus
on sex and food.
Those are things that you
can find that significance
to the human race like
a lot, everywhere,
like people doing
photos of the food or--
I don't know-- go out in
order to mate someone.
So these are lower
levels of three--
level three consciousness.
When we get higher to
that, people realize, oh,
that's not so much struggle.
They can theoretically
understand that there
is something after death.
It's going on.
There is no actual--
maybe there's no actual
death or something.
That's something
they can grasp upon.
And those are the higher levels
of level three consciousness,
which eventually will lead to
level four consciousness, which
means I have experienced
that we are connected.
I have experienced that
I can change my reality.
I can have telepathic
thoughts with people
that are close to me and I
feel in my heart or something.
Maybe something
strange happened.
Maybe someone has an encounter
of some kind of another.
We also see that in
level four consciousness,
all this wondrous
technology arise.
Like we don't need to be
stuck to fundamental mechanics
of the universe, but we can
go to quantum level physics.
Those things are happening in
the lower phase of level four
consciousness.
And while Earth is now heading
towards a change, a shift
of consciousness, people
will be aware of a lower
level of consciousness--
level four consciousness--
which means they
will acknowledge
that there's more to life.
There are technologies
that are non-invasive.
Things get more fluid.
There are other life
forms, other potentials.
Everything is more open.
But, I mean, no one is
locked to the consciousness
of the collective.
Because when they
understand that we
are consciousness itself,
they can ascend to any level
instantly.
It still needs some experience,
some braveness to go that way.
It's easier to go with the
flow of the collective.
That's why we have collectives,
especially ape species are
super reliant on collectives.
In level four, an observer
or a consciousness unit
becomes aware of being
more wondrous than it
used to be on the lower
levels of consciousness.
By that, and through that, a
lot of advantages and a lot
more opportunities will come.
Because once you realize that
reality is more fluid than you
might think, also
fear and anxiety
will disappear in a lot of ways.
Like, you realize that
nothing does not exist.
So you cannot die.
You can die, but
you're not dead.
So that is something that occurs
to people on the lower ends
of level four consciousness.
They realize that death is a
transformative experience that
will bring you somewhere else.
So it's also a kind
of higher elevated way
of perceiving the world.
But there's also not only
level four consciousness,
but there is also a
level four dimension,
which means the space there
is different than the space
in level three.
A level three space
will mean that it's
kind of hard to manifest
a pure level three space--
doesn't give you the opportunity
to change your reality
by conception or something.
It also could not
display beings that
are aware of level
four consciousness,
because a being from
level four consciousness,
a perfect level
four consciousness,
could use his own psionic
and own awareness in order
to modify reality in a way
that is good for him, her, it.
So when that being would
enter a reality of level three
that would technically
not be possible.
Earth has been on level three
and level four simultaneously.
So it could display both times,
which explains why some people,
for example--
I don't know-- yogis
in India or something,
they experience very
profound shifts of reality
through meditation
and something.
And I don't know.
Some parts of the mainstream
population, they won't.
They just don't realize that.
They could.
When they get in contact with
maybe a guru or something,
that would elevate their
consciousness as well,
because the field around
what that consciousness
unit projects out will also
affect the lower consciousness
as well.
But dimensions that have
level four consciousness
will be more fluid, more
energetical, more wondrous,
more opportunities.
It becomes a little challenging
to explain what level
five consciousness--
at least the dimension of
the space of level five
consciousness-- is.
Because a consciousness
unit will still
have some kind of
body perception.
But it's not that rigid,
as in level three.
A level five being
is more energetical--
energetic in a way that it
doesn't need a body in a way
that materialistic world view
of level three consciousness
tells you that it
needs that body.
It still has a body, or
at least a conception
or a concept of body, of
awareness of body, which we'll
stick to that consciousness.
And unit you have still
body and eye and soul
included in that triad.
So a level five
being would not be
able to be displayed on
a planet like Earth that
has only level three
and level four--
used to have level three,
and is now in level four.
Things will change a little bit.
Because through that
elevation and shift on Earth,
reality will shift as well.
And we see that
right now happening.
What has happened
in the past when
a being that is irradiating
level five consciousness
would influence Earth, the
material physical phenomenon
that a human would
experience is, for example,
a ball of light.
So that explains a
lot of those balls
of lights that are hovering
and having some effects.
But it could also be
something different.
So, for example, a
human that experienced
the presence of a level five
being could, for example,
experience something
that they interpret
as ghost or paranormal
phenomenon or something.
Because it is not as easy to
be displayed on this Earth.
A lot of the way a
human would experience
and perceive that
experience is determined
by the cultural thinking.
Sometimes the brain-- the
brain, the human brain,
doesn't like lost information
or non-existent information.
And then it will put in
some placeholder into that.
So people will, for example,
experience their dead grandma
or something.
That doesn't mean that dead
grandma is in the room,
but something is in the
room-- a presence that
might be level five awareness.
>> A level five, now,
does not have 3D body.
>> No.
It's a level five
body, which is--
>> You explained it
as a ball of light.
>> That's the way a lower
consciousness would perceive
it.
>> Would perceive a level five.
>> Maybe it's like having
a 4K video material,
and you display it on a 1950s
television set, and you only--
you lose a lot of data.
You can only perceive black
and white screen, instead of
this colorful, shiny 4K being.
So what people will
perceive is some orb
of light going somewhere.
But that is typically a level
five consciousness life form.
So things in level
five get pretty weird.
And it's also pretty open to the
observer to the consciousness
unit in order to decide
what kind of space
they will inhabit.
People are attracted by
so-called cosmic adhesion,
which means there are inherent
forces that will attract things
that stick together.
And if frequencies change,
they will go somewhere else.
That is the way the
fifth dimension,
if you want to call it
that way, a level five
dimension or space, feels like.
It's more awareness of being
energy instead of awareness
of being something else
materialistic or something.
But still, there is a past.
There is a memory of past,
which means I have gone
through some way to come here.
I have some past.
I am still a personality
in that room,
and I have a history, which
means some logic has brought me
here, which is super
interesting to realize,
because you don't know
where you came from
and how you came here.
People have told you
that you were born.
Someone else outside
of you has given you
the story and some
real life experience
that you went through, that
you were a baby or something
and you grew from that.
But did you experience that?
No.
We just-- we're here.
We are just here.
But still, we have this kind
of information in the system
that at some point we
were born and we grew
and we became what we are.
And that is the history, which
is still alive in level five
consciousness.
>> What is the difference
between 5D and level 5?
>> OK.
You could stack up dimensions,
especially mathematically.
And there is no concrete
order to what is a 5D.
It just means you have
another point of information
to localize where something is.
A level five space is
something that can display
and inhabit beings
that have the awareness
and the consciousness
on level five.
It's their habitat, so to speak.
While dimension just means that
you can have different points
mathematically to
stack together in order
to have a more precise
localization of something.
>> Can a level five being travel
to level four or level three?
>> So everything is
connected with each other.
So there is some
kind of fluidity,
but it comes to the point of
displaying and interpreting
data and information.
So a being that radiates
a presence of level five
has a lot more memory than a
level three body and awareness
could grasp.
So that means yes, a being
five could go to Earth and--
>> Manifest into a human.
>> --manifest in things, right?
And they do.
But if they are coming in their
own presence and the form they
perceive themselves, it is
not possible for a level three
awareness to grasp that
and to interpret it.
It's mostly putting their
own information into that.
It's placeholders in order to
have something experienceable,
like light or a ghost
or grandma or something.
The typical way that level
five beings come to Earth
is by so-called
reincarnation, which
means they also go through this
allegedly being born scenario
narrative, that
someone will tell them,
oh, I went through nine
months of pregnancy
in order to have you.
And so that also
bears some dangers
of getting lost in the
karmic experience, which
means a reincarnated
level five being could get
lost there-- could say,
oh, yeah, that makes sense.
So that's what I am now.
They could forget what they
have experienced before.
And that happens a lot.
So there might be a
lot and lot, like we're
talking about, at least hundreds
of thousands of human people
on this planet, as least as I am
aware, probably even more, that
came from a higher perspective
like level five consciousness,
went down on this
planet in order
to have it ascend in
some ways, but got lost
in the overall struggle of--
>> They started remembering--
>> --human experience.
>> --of the human experience.
>> Yeah.
The level six of
consciousness is the awareness
of nothing, which is
basically, the best to put it,
the realm of death.
It means no existence,
no time, no--
it means basically nothingness.
>> When you die, are you
saying that you become
a sixth-dimensional being?
>> Interesting.
Two ways.
So-- at least two
ways, two main ways.
There are many,
many possibilities
that could happen if you die,
because that's a catalyst.
And there are species that are--
their only job is to create an
afterlife experience in order
to make it more fluid.
Because as we are becoming
aware that we are always here
and always have been here
and always will be here,
we realize that there is some
fluidity to our existence.
We do not need to have
a strong catalyst.
But in some way or another, and
that is something that Being 6
said, death is kind of
a present to the source,
to the consciousness unit.
Because it can have
a strong catalyst
effect that you can go from
one experience to another.
That is not the way
reality is, actually.
Because we are
already everything.
We are here.
So we don't need death to
be a dramatic experience.
>> And it's already happened.
>> Yeah, it's already happened.
And one thing I'd like
to add, because you
were asking if people can
transform by going into level
six consciousness or dying.
So basically, someone
who dies could either
go to level four
consciousness, because there
are beings that create some
kind of subspace, where
when the I gets removed from
the materialistic, body,
that they go inside of
this, what people could
call astral world or something.
That is the pop cultural term to
a level four dimensional space.
But everyone that becomes
aware of being nothing,
being awareness, being just the
observer of nothingness, which
means level six consciousness.
>> Level six, yeah.
>> Everyone who can access
that can go from level three
instantly to level six,
because that is what we are.
We are intelligent energy.
So that sounds like
the end of the story.
But, of course, we know that
beyond non-existence there
comes something,
because we already
are experiencing something.
And that means the moment where
we realize we have no history,
there has never been
a birth or something,
that is just someone inside
of our reality and experience
of our dream, so to
speak, that came to me
and gave me the impression
and their perspective of life.
And we become a being
that has no past--
no past memory and no I.
And that is level seven.
While level seven
consciousness is
a point where you are aware
of everything and everything
all at once, it's
very disconnected
to the materialistic
perspective that you
might have on level three.
It's like bringing
your consciousness
into like almost an ocean
of awareness of being,
and where you are
connected with everything,
and realizing more and more
that there has been no past.
There is no future.
It's a process of
unfolding and unfoldness.
That ends in level eight
consciousness, which basically
means that everything becomes
so dense, so much packed,
that the observer and the
observed is becoming unified.
The whole universe
becomes unified.
Time, everything-- every
concept, every thought,
everything becomes so dense
that it's a unified version
of the universe.
In that moment, we have
an unfolding new version
of a universe.
>> Are you still an individual
going through those levels
of consciousness all the way up?
Or are you part of
the collective at that
point of the source?
>> That is to be decided on.
So look, the decision
of the observer
becomes more and more
important, the more we
went through these
kind of densities
on levels of consciousness.
It means becoming
aware that you are
the center of your
own creation is
something that will
change the perception
of your own experience.
You can, at level five,
still be an individual.
You can still have a
personality, a realization
or a concept of I. But it is
integrated in a collective I
system, or a collective
we, more to speak,
that we understand
we are something.
We have properties to ourselves.
We have a history to ourselves.
We are memory-- condensed
memory in that way.
But we are also this chair.
We are all the people watching.
We are everything.
So we are this living paradox
of being a personality
while being every personality.
>> Beautiful, beautiful.
>> Thank you, Tim,
for being on the show.
>> It's my pleasure, Emery.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
>> Next on "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> Clone is basically
just a copy.
It's essentially a
soulless copy of a person.
>> There are beings
that look like humans,
which are approachable.
You can talk to them, but they
are not consciousness unit.
>> And often, when
we go to them,
we find that these are rogue,
covert programs that the people
in charge of know nothing about.
They don't even know
that they're operating.
>> But are you guys aware of
any corporations that are making
clones for their own agendas?
>> Yes.
[MUSIC PLAYING]